Clarify text explaining changing to a different CRS for a grid (#4252)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_map.rst

  intersection;
* or *Frame and annotations only*.

Other than the grid type, you can define: 

> * the :guilabel:`CRS` which could be set differently to the project CRS;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the :guilabel:`CRS` which could be different from the project CRS;
```

Author: Thanks @havatv I like this suggestion.

* the :guilabel:`Interval` between two consecutive grid references in ``X``
  and ``Y`` directions;

> * the :guilabel:`Interval Units` to use for the grid references, in ``Map

Reviewer: `Interval units` appears before `Interval` in the user interface.  Should also be moved up here?

Author: Yes, agreed.

> * the :guilabel:`Interval Units` to use for the grid references, in ``Map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the :guilabel:`Interval units` to use for the grid references, in ``Map
```

>   Unit``, ``Fit Segment Width``, ``Millimeter`` or ``Centimeter``;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  unit``, ``Fit Segment Width``, ``Millimeter`` or ``Centimeter``;
```

Reviewer: `Fit segment width` does not appear here (3.4.11).

Reviewer 2: This is a 3.10 doc @havatv

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification @DelazJ, and sorry for not taking the time to check with 3.10.

Author: Thanks, am resolving this one.

> * choosing ``Fix Segment Width`` will dynamically select the grid interval based 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* choosing ``Fit Segment Width`` will dynamically select the grid interval based 
```

  on the map extent to a "pretty" interval. When selected, the ``Minimum`` and 
  ``Maximum`` intervals can be set;

> * an :guilabel:`Offset` from the map item edges, in ``X`` and ``Y`` directions;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* an :guilabel:`Offset` from the map item edges, in the ``X`` and ``Y`` directions;
```

Author: I didn't review this in my original changes. How about:
`Offset` from the map item edges, in the ``X`` and/ or the ``Y`` directions

Author: Looks good :-)

Reviewer: I have updated my suggestion accordingly.

Reviewer 2: @nickbearman You need to unresolve the discussion and commit the suggestion to get it integrated in you PR.
@havatv why is the article `an` removed? Makes sense to me, coherent with previous items in the list and the introductory sentence.

Reviewer: @DelazJ, it did not feel right to use "an" for offset since we are talking about offsets in both the x and the y direction (plural).  But that part of my suggestion is not so important.  I have modified my suggestion to start with "the" (instead of the origingal "an").
